speaks guys my name is Victor and Julio
this is the channel is on the cover
today we will know the career of
Achilles priester one of the best
drummers of the world
born in South Africa and raised in
brazil began to be interested in
still very young when he started
an instrument played on a cover band
of outrage strictly and for a time not
I could play the bass drum
currently he is known precisely
for creativity and speed in the technique
of the double pedal
he always set out to be a
metal drummer influenced by a
one month of the iron maiden and in
castro the new of the journey in the year 2000
recorded a record name of paul di'anno
first iron maiden vocalist and with
which made several concerts was consecrated
worldwide in the creek band where
member between 2001 and 2008
there you can explore mixing between the metal
and Brazilian rhythms
parallel to and prior to this founded the
hangar band with heavy songs and
in it, it explores to the maximum its
creativity in drum arrangements
in 2007 they released a great album called
laughter by stating that the Viton in which
those wrote all the letters one
album presents a context based on
hannibal and others from more
serial killers
ground water and obliges
with the look on your acoustic disk
called at the expense of the plug-in type on it
can show all its versatility
proving that it is not dependent on technique
speed or a gigantic battery
the band recorded this show format
on a beautiful dvd recorded on video and
was this
I know what it is.
or the press
in 2006 he released an instrumental album of
band which had
eh creek members
in fact the most expensive battery lines
of Achilles are in this
registration
due to the complexity of the compositions of
fabled keyboard laguna hangar
In 2010 she was invited by
North American imf read for more
important the hearing already done for the
instrument
the tests were performed with seven of the
best drummers in the world in order to
to occupy the position of drummer of the legend
mike portnoy
although he did not join the band
Such a projection has given you great
fruits by indication of john petrucci
currently plays with the guitarist toni
macau payne
recently joined the members of the
shaman and released the first album of
night band where you can explore a
more modern dressing inside the rev net
I 'm here today
we can also mention other projects such as
midas faith abbott creche his biography
fan and idol that counts all his
trajectory as a musician and his diverse
video lessons and methods for drums
no wonder that those pikes and had
its live performance in the modern
fiscal 2011 released on dvd and
so the first Brazilian drummer
who has filed such a deed
in fact those who have represented in the
brazil around the world that won
in 2014 the best dvd award
educational program with the title that spears
top rangel june phelps by magazine
modern drummer magazine considered
world bacterium bible
if you did not know him and he was impressed
with the rapidity of battery size or
with a talent of this musician share
this video click liked it comment for
that more people can know this
great talent from Brazil and of course
subscribe to the channel because you always have video
until the next galley